'TWAS THE NIGHT BEFORE
CHRISTMAS, TRUE BELIEVERS, AND
ALL THROUGH SANTA'S WORKSHOP,
LAST-MINUTE TOYS WERE BEING
MADE, AS THE FOREMAN YELLED,
"CHOP, CHOP!"
All: ♪ ...BRINGING GIFTS TO
GIRLS AND BOYS ♪
♪ THE NAUGHTY, NAUGHTY KIDS
DON'T GET NO TOYS ♪
♪ OH, SILVER AND GOLD
♪ AND RED AND WHITE
♪ RAINBOW CHRISTMAS, RAINBOW
CHRISTMAS ♪
♪ IS TONI-I-I-I-GHT
THE ELVES WERE ALL BUSY WITH
LOTS TO BE DONE.
THEY WORKED AND THEY SANG...
WELL, EXCEPT FOR JUST ONE.
HEY, I DIDN'T HEAR YOU
SINGING, WINTERGREEN!
I TOLD YOU, I DON'T SING.
SANTA JUST ASKED ME TO KEEP AN
EYE ON THINGS AROUND HERE, AND
THAT'S ALL I'M DOING.
BUT THERE'S ONLY A FEW HOURS
UNTIL SANTA DELIVERS HIS GIFTS,
AND THEN CHRISTMAS IS OVER.
WE NEED ALL THE HELP WE CAN GET.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
I'LL GET IT!
[ HUMMING ]
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU.
COME ON IN AND HAVE SOME EGG...
OHH!
NOG.
HEY, LOOK, WE HAVE GUESTS.
LOOKS LIKE CHRISTMAS IS
COMING EARLY FOR ME.
RRRRRRRRAAH!
OHHHHHHH.
HEY, COOL DART GUN.
CAN I SEE?
D'OH!
NAPPY TIME.
[ SNORING ]
MERRY CHRISTMAS, KIDS.
YOO-HOO, UP HERE!
OW!
[ SNORING ]
HUH? HEY!
YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO BE DOWN
HERE!
AND MERRY CHRISTMAS.
UNH!
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU... OHH!
Captions by VITAC...
www.vitac.com
CAPTIONS PAID FOR BY
CARTOON NETWORK
WHOO, MAN, THAT WAS CLOSE.
I'M SURPRISED WE GOT OUT OF THAT
SUGARCOATED CASTLE ALIVE.
OH, COME ON.
IT WASN'T SO BAD.
PLUS, IT WAS THE ONLY PLACE I
COULD PICK UP MY LAST GIFT.
AND I SAVED THE BEST ONE FOR
YOU-U-U-U-U.
OH, YOU GOT ME A PRESENT?
WHOO-HOO-HOO!
WHAT IS IT?
YOU CAN'T OPEN IT NOW.
YOU HAVE TO WAIT UNTIL WE
EXCHANGE GIFTS TOMORROW MORNING.
UHH! EXCHANGE GIFTS?
[ CHEWS NOISILY ]
RIGHT.
DON'T TELL ME YOU DIDN'T GET
ME A PRESENT AGAIN.
DON'T YOU LIKE ME?
YEAH, NUMBUH 4, DON'T YOU
LI-I-I-KE NUMBUH 3?
[ LAUGHS ]
LIKE, WHAT ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT?
WHO CARES ABOUT GETTING PRESENTS
FOR OTHER PEOPLE, ANYWAYS?
ISN'T SANTA THE ONE WHO'S
SUPPOSED TO DO THAT?
OF COURSE, BUT REAL FRIENDS
GET EACH OTHER GIFTS AS WELL.
SO YOU'LL JUST HAVE TO WATCH THE
REST OF US EXCHANGE GIFTS
TOMORROW.
UH...
IT MAY BE A LITTLE LATE.
YOU GUYS DIDN'T GET ME GIFTS,
EITHER?
UM, WELL, THINGS HAVE BEEN
BUSY LATELY, AND... WHOA!
LOOK AT THAT.
WE'RE BACK AT THE TREEHOUSE.
BETTER BUCKLE UP FOR LANDING.
WELL, IT'S REALLY MORE FUN TO
GIVE THAN RECEIVE, ANYWAY.
HEY, YOU GUYS DECORATED FOR
CHRISTMAS!
NUMBUH 5 DIDN'T DO IT, BUT
WHOEVER DID WENT FOR THE
MINIMALIST LOOK.
HEY, THIS TREE IS 560 YEARS
OLD.
OHHH. WHY?
WHY DOES EVERYONE ALWAYS TAKE MY
TREEHOUSE EVERY SINGLE TIME?!
WHO'S JUMPING ON THE "TAKE
NIGEL'S PRIDE AND JOY BANDWAGON"
NOW?
YOUR WORST NIGHTMARE BEFORE
CHRISTMAS, THAT'S WHO, BUB.
NOW, I DON'T WANT ANY TROUBLE,
KID, SO I'M GONNA TELL IT LIKE
IT IS.
I WANT THAT GIFT
LITTLE MISS GREEN-SLEEVES HAS
GOT, SO WHAT DO YOU SAY YOU HAND
OVER THE REINDEER AND NO ONE
GETS THEIR CHRISTMAS TURKEY
COOKED EARLY?
Shh!
DON'T TELL NUMBUH 4 ABOUT THE
REINDEER.
It's a surprise!
LOOK, YOU KIDS TOOK SOMETHING
FROM SANTA, AND WHEN HE FINDS
OUT, HE'S GONNA BE REAL UNJOLLY.
AND MY JOB IS TO KEEP THE MAN
JOLLY, SO HAND IT OVER.
YOU WANT MY GIFT?
THE ONLY THING WE'LL BE
HANDING YOU IS SOME SEASON'S
BEATINGS FOR STEALING MY
TREEHOUSE.
I WAS HOPING YOU'D SAY THAT.
ELFA STRIKE, ATTACK!
UGH!
KIDS NEXT DOOR, BATTLE
STATIONS!
FACE THE FACTS, BUB.
YOU'VE BEEN CUT DOWN, JUST LIKE
YOUR PUNY TREE.
WAAAH!
NOW, WHERE'S SANTA'S
REINDEER?
HO, HA, HWAH.
WAZZAH!
YOU'RE PRETTY GOOD, KID, BUT
YOU'RE GONNA NEED YOUR CHRISTMAS
BEST TO BEAT ME!
LOOK OUT, TRUE BELIEVER.
WITH BONES OF SOLID
PEPPERMINTIUM, THE FEROCIOUS
LEADER OF SANTA'S ELITE STRIKE
FORCE, ELFA STRIKE, IS
WINTERGREEN.
UH-OH.
[ SCREAMS ]
NUMBUH 1!
All: ATTACK!
[ LAUGHS EVILLY ]
[ SPEAKS GERMAN ]
MEIN FRAULEIN.
HEY, HE BLEW UP!
NOT QUITE!
HEY!
THIS ELF WAS BORN, QUITE
STRANGELY, WITH A WEIRD AND
WOODEN HEAD.
AND IF HE EVER BIT YOU, "OUCH!"
IS WHAT YOU PROBABLY SAID.
MEET THE MYSTERIOUS NUTCRACKER.
WAAAAAH!
GET HIM OFF, GET HIM OFF!
AAAAH!
OH, GET HIM OFF!
YOU CANNOT.
I CAN, TOO.
NO WAY!
THAT'S UNPOSSIBLE.
I'M SERIOUS.
WILL YOU SHOW ME?
SURE.
THIS ELF GOT PELTED BY A
RADIOACTIVE SNOWBALL WHILE
WALKING HOME FROM SANTA'S
CHRISTMAS EVE.
NOW, YOU CAN SAY THERE'S NO SUCH
THING AS SUPERPOWERS, BUT ONCE
YOU MEET SNOW ANGEL, YOU'LL
BELIEVE.
WOW!
YOU REALLY CAN CONTROL SNOW.
HEY, THAT'S NOT FOR YOU!
NUMBUH 2, LOOK OUT!
[ SCREAMING ]
[ Russian accent ] WHITE
CHRISTMAS.
WHAT HAVE WE HERE?
LET GO, YOU FROSTBITTEN
FREAK!
[ LAUGHS EVILLY ]
AND LAST, BUT NOT LEAST, THE
MIGHTY CONIFEROUS, WITH THE
PRICKLY POWER OF PERILOUS PINE
NEEDLES.
[ LAUGHS EVILLY ]
[ CHOMP ]
OHH. AAAAAAAH!
GIVE ME BACK NUMBUH 4'S
PRESENT.
RAAAH!
I GOT IT, I GOT IT!
NOT QUITE, FRAULEIN.
[ LAUGHS EVILLY ]
LOOK FOR THIS?
KEEP TRYING.
THIS WHAT YOU WANT?
UH-OH.
THANKS, KID.
LOOKS LIKE WE CAN ALL GO HOME
NOW.
LAY OFF, TOOTS!
GIVE... ME... THAT... PRESENT!
NEVER MIND.
YOU CAN HAVE THE STUPID PRESENT.
I... I CAN?
ALL RIGHT!
JUST KIDDING.
AAH-HAAAH!
[ GROANING NERVOUSLY ]
AAAAH!
[ CRASH ]
NOW, DOES ANYONE ELSE WANT TO
TRY AND TAKE MY PRESENT?!
All: NO, NO.
LET'S GO.
JUST KEEP IT.
[ GROANING ]
HATE TO DO THIS TO YOU, KID, BUT
WE'RE RUNNING OUT OF TIME HERE.
[ BEEPS ]
ONLY ONCE IN A THOUSAND
CHRISTMASES IS ELFA STRIKE
FORCED TO PULL OUT THEIR MOST
DEADLY ATTACK.
WHEN THERE'S NO OTHER WAY TO
SAVE THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME OF
THE YEAR, THEY CALL IN THE
"12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS" ATTACK.
12 DRUMMERS DRUMMING.
11 PIPERS PIPING.
10 LORDS A-LEAPING.
9 LADIES DANCING.
8 MAIDS A-MILKING.
7 SWANS A-SWIMMING.
6 GEESE A-LAYING.
5 GOLDEN RINGS.
4 CALLING BIRDS.
3 FRENCH HORNS.
2 TURTLEDOVES.
AND A PARTRIDGE IN A PEAR TREE.
[ GROANING ]
THANKS, KID.
NOW, IF YOU KIDS DON'T MIND,
WE'LL BE TAKING BACK THE
REINDEER YOU STOLE SO WE CAN GET
ON DELIVERING PRESENTS.
I DIDN'T STEAL IT.
I BOUGHT IT FOR NUMBUH 4.
YEAH?
AND JUST WHAT IS YOUR STUPID
FRIEND GONNA DO WITH A... SECRET
SANTA SURPRISE REINDEER MONKEY?
YOU GOT ME A CRUDDY RAINBOW
MONKEY?
WELL, IT'S MORE THAN YOU GOT
HER.
HOW DO YOU KNOW I DIDN'T GET
HER ANYTHING?
THE SECRET SANTA SURPRISE
REINDEER MONKEY IS ONLY
AVAILABLE AT THE RAINBOW MONKEY
SUPERSTORE ON CHRISTMAS EVE.
THEN THESE KIDS COULDN'T HAVE
BEEN AT THE NORTH POLE TODAY IF
THEY GOT ONE.
WELL, NO KIDDING.
WE WERE AT THAT CRAZY STORE ALL
DAY, WAITING IN LINE TO BUY THAT
THING.
THEN IF THEY DIDN'T DO IT,
THEN WHO HAS THE REINDEER?
Together: [ Monotone ] SO,
SANTA...
SHALL WE BEGIN?
WE'LL TAKE CARE OF THESE
HOLIDAY HOOLIGANS.
YOU KIDS TAKE CARE OF THE
DELIGHTFUL CHILDREN BEFORE
CHRISTMAS IS OVER.
HOW DO WE GET IN?
THE DOOR'S BOLTED SHUT.
DOWN THE CHIMNEY, OF COURSE.
NOW, GET GOING!
AAAH!
[ LIGHTNING CRASHES ]
YAY! TOYS, TOYS, TOYS!
HUH?
[ CRIES ]
[ BOTH SCREAM ]
[ GOOFY LAUGHTER ]
HUH?
[ CRIES ]
OKAY, FOR THE LAST TIME, OUT
- OF THE... - [ ALL GASP ]
HELP US.
PLEASE, YOU MUST HELP US.
UGH!
OWEE.
ALL RIGHT, LADY, YOUR CLASS
IS DISMISSED.
NOW, OPEN THAT DOOR BEFORE WE
PUT A HOLIDAY HURTING ON YOU.
Y-Y-YOU S-STAY AWAY FROM ME.
DON'T MAKE ME CALL THE ARBOR DAY
AVENGERS FOR BACKUP.
WELL, THAT'S ONE BUNCH OF
KIDS THAT WON'T BE GETTING
PRESENTS THIS YEAR.
WOULD YOU KNOCK IT OFF ABOUT
NOT GETTING PRESENTS AROUND
NUMBUH 3?
HEY, WHERE IS NUMBUH 3?
WO-O-O-W.
THIS THING CAN DELIVER PRESENTS
TO EVERY KID IN THE WORLD.
IMAGINE, I COULD GIVE EVEN MORE
PRESENTS TO MY FRIENDS.
YEAH!
LOTS AND LOTS OF PRESENTS!
EVEN PRESENTS FOR... ME.
EVERYONE'S ALWAYS LIKE, "OH, I
FORGOT TO GET NUMBUH 3 A
PRESENT, " OR, " I WAS OFF
FIGHTING ADULT TYRANNY."
WELL, I DESERVE SOMETHING FOR
BEING THE ONLY ONE TO THINK OF
OTHERS!
I DESERVE EVERYTHING!
YE-E-E-E-E-S.
KUKI!
WE GOT TO SAVE HER!
IS THERE TROUBLE, KIDS?
All: SANTA.
SEE?
THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT I'M TALKING
ABOUT.
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY TO SAVE
YOUR FRIEND, WALLABEE.
[ GRUNTING ]
AND YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN
DO IT.
M-M-ME?
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO.
NOW, GET IN THERE.
ARE YOU SURE THERE'S NOT
ANOTHER WAY?
DO YOU THINK I'D BE SENDING
YOU IN THERE IF THERE WAS
ANOTHER WAY, KID?
YEAH, GO!
[ LIGHTNING CRASHING ]
NUMBUH 3?
KUKI?
UM, KUKI?
[ ROARS ]
AAH!
UH, MERRY CHRISTMAS, KUKI.
[ Echoing ] YOU?
YOU GOT ME A PRESENT, NUMBUH 4?
I WANTED TO SURPRISE YOU ON
CHRISTMAS, BUT, UH, THEN YOU
TURNED ALL EVIL AND STUFF, SO...
YOU... YOU GOT ME...
FRENCH FRIES?!
I DIDN'T FINISH THEM WHEN I
WAS AT THE RUSTY BURGER, SO I
THOUGHT YOU MIGHT, YOU KNOW...
WANT THEM.
[ LAUGHS NERVOUSLY ]
[ GROWLS ]
THIS... IS THE ABSOLUTE...
[ Normal voice ] SWEETEST GIFT
YOU EVER GOT ME.
WAHH!
IT'S ALSO THE ONLY GIFT YOU EVER
GOT ME, BUT WHO'S COUNTING?
AHHHHHH.
ALL RIGHT, YOU TWO.
TAKE IT UNDER THE MISTLETOE.
I'VE GOT FIVE MINUTES TO DELIVER
PRESENTS TO ALL THE GOOD
CHILDREN OF THE WORLD BEFORE
CHRISTMAS IS OVER.
AND YOU KIDS MIGHT WANT TO GET
BACK HOME IN TIME TO OPEN YOURS,
IF YOU GET ANY THIS YEAR.
WELL, WOULD YOU LOOK AT THE
TIME?
OKAY, WE'RE GOING.
WHOO-HOO!
PRESENT CITY, HERE I COME.
[ LAUGHS ]
SANTA... I'M... I'M...
I KNOW, KUKI.
I KNOW.
SANTA!
GET YOUR OWN FRIES.
AWW, COME ON, JUST ONE.
IT'S MY PRESENT.
OHHH.
- >> HEY, SORRY ABOUT THE MIX-UP, - KID.
IT'S ALL RIGHT, BUT WHAT
ABOUT OUR TREEHOUSE?
DON'T WORRY, WE PUT IT TO
GOOD USE.
[ LAUGHTER ]
♪ RAINBOW CHRISTMAS, RAINBOW
- CHRISTMAS ♪ - ♪ IT'S ALSO VERY WHITE AND
FILLED WITH CHILDREN ♪
MERRY CHRISTMAS, TRUE
BELIEVERS, AND TO ALL A GOOD
NIGHT.
♪ OH, SILVER AND GOLD
♪ AND RED AND WHITE
5... 4... 3... 2... 1.
♪ KIDS NEXT DOOR
[ ELECTRIC GUITAR SOLO ]
5...
4...
3...
2...
1.
♪ KIDS NEXT DOOR
[ ELECTRIC GUITAR SOLO ]
5... 4... 3... 2... 1.